Add release notes for 2.8.3 (#8639)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

> # Prefect Release Notes
> ## Release 2.8.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.8.3
```

### `on_completion` and `on_failure` hooks for flows and tasks

> With this release you can now add client-side hooks to your flows and tasks that will be called when the flow or task enters either a `Completed` or `Failed` state. This is great for any case where you might want to execute code without involvement of the Prefect API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release you can now add client-side hooks that will be called when your flow or task enters a `Completed` or `Failed` state. This is great for any case where you want to execute code without involvement of the Prefect API. 
```

> Both flows and tasks will accept the arguments `on_completion` and `on_failure` that take a list of callables. These callables will need to accept 3 arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both flows and tasks include `on_completion` and `on_failure` options where a list of callable hooks can be provided. The callable will receive three arguments:
```

> Both flows and tasks will accept the arguments `on_completion` and `on_failure` which take a list of callables. These callables will need to accept 3 arguments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both flows and tasks will accept the arguments `on_completion` and `on_failure` that take a list of callables. These callables will need to accept 3 arguments:
```

- `flow`, `flow_run`, and `state` in the case of a flow hook
- `task`, `task_run`, and `state` in the case of a task hook

> Here is an example showing how completion hooks can be added to a flow and a task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here we add completion hooks to a flow and a task:
```

```python
from prefect import task, flow

def my_completion_task_hook_1(task, task_run, state):
    print("This is the first hook - Task completed!!!")
    
def my_completion_task_hook_2(task, task_run, state):
  print("This is the second hook - Task completed!!!")
    
def my_completion_flow_hook(flow, flow_run, state):
    print("Flow completed!!!")
    
@task(on_completion=[my_completion_task_hook_1, my_completion_task_hook_2])
def my_task():
    print("This is the task!")

@flow(on_completion=[my_completion_flow_hook])
def my_flow():
    my_task()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    my_flow()

> ```

Reviewer: Try to include spacing between code fences and content for readability.

Author: Cool - I wasn't certain where the line between proper spacing and not making the example part of the release notes too long was.

Reviewer: I don't think it matters how long the markdown is. I try not to have excessive spacing in the code itself though.

> Here is an example showing how failure hooks work. It's worth noting that you can supply both `on_completion` and `on_failure` hooks to a flow or task. Only the hooks that are relevant to the state of the flow or task will be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we'll include a failure hook as well. It's worth noting that you can supply both `on_completion` and `on_failure` hooks to a flow or task. Only the hooks that are relevant to the final state of the flow or task will be called.
```

```python
from prefect import task, flow

def my_task_completion_hook(task, task_run, state):
    print("Our task completed successfully!")

def my_task_failure_hook(task, task_run, state):
    print("Our task failed :(")

@task(on_completion=[my_task_completion_hook], on_failure=[my_task_failure_hook])
def my_task():
    raise Exception("Oh no!")

@flow
def my_flow():
    my_task.submit()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    my_flow()
```
### Enhancements
- Update `quote` handling in input resolution to skip descending into the quoted expression — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8576

> - Add light and dark mode color and contrast enhancements — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8629

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Add light and dark mode color and contrast enhancements to UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8629
```

### Fixes
- Fix `Task.map` type hint for async tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8607

> - Update docker container name sanitization to handle "ce" and "ee" — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8588

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update Docker container name sanitization to handle "ce" and "ee" — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8588
```

> - Fix Kubernetes job watch timeout when streaming logs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8618

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix Kubernetes Job watch timeout when streaming logs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8618
```

> - Fix flow run filters date range not working properly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8616

Reviewer 2: Feels like this needs some rework to clarify what was done.

Author: Could you give it a look now? The Kubernetes job watch timeout involves a few changes that I don't think are easy to capture in a single sentence, but the others I think are more clear.

> - Fix Kubernetes log stream when using multiple containers in job — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8430

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix Kubernetes log stream when using multiple containers in Job — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8430
```

### Experimental
- Update worker variable typing for clearer display in the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8613
- Update `BaseWorker` to ignore flow runs with associated storage block — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8619

> - Add experimental artifacts API — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8404

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add experimental API for artifacts — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8404
```

### Documentation

> - Add Resume Flow Run Through UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8621

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation for resuming a flow run via the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8621
```

> - Add `prefect-sifflet` to Collections catalog — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8599

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [`prefect-sifflet`](https://siffletapp.github.io/prefect-sifflet/) to Collections catalog — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8599
```

def my_task_completion_hook(task, task_run, state):
    print("Our task completed successfully!")

def my_task_failure_hook(task, task_run, state):
    print("Our task failed :(")

@task(on_completion=[my_task_completion_hook], on_failure=[my_task_failure_hook])
def my_task():
    raise Exception("Oh no!")

@flow
def my_flow():
    my_task.submit()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    my_flow()
```
### Enhancements
- Update `quote` handling in input resolution to skip descending into the quoted expression — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8576
- Add light and dark mode color and contrast enhancements to UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8629

### Fixes
- Fix `Task.map` type hint for type-checker compatibility with async tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8607
- Update Docker container name sanitization to handle "ce" and "ee" when checking Docker version — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8588
- Fix Kubernetes Job watch timeout behavior when streaming logs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8618
- Fix date range filter selection on the flow runs UI page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8616

> - Fix Kubernetes not streaming logs when using multiple containers in job — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8430

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix Kubernetes not streaming logs when using multiple containers in Job — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8430
```
